## Wordpress + MySQL helm chart designed to run in minikube 

Foreword: You should not use this chart. I've made this to have a bit of fun with helm, not to make anything with practical use (in case the local storageclass and the various bits of hack jobs doesn't tip my hand off)

Only supports the local storage class, since I wrote this chart to run in a minikube environment. 
The wordpress PV is dynamically provisioned. MySQL is on a statefulSet, so I'm statically provisioning that one. 

A statefulSet on a minikube setup is dumb, but if you set `minikubeCompat` to false it will probably work for multi-node clusters where it actually should begin to make sense (if I ever come back to this to support non-local storage)

Most other values and configurations should be user-settable

Some particularly interesting settable values:

**mysqlPassword**: set this to define a root password for mysql. Otherwise, one will be autogenerated on first install

**mysqlDbName**: mysql db name for wordpress. Will be "wordpress" if this is unset

**mysqlDbUser**: mysql user to connect to the database as. Will be root if unset

**autoscaling.enable**: whether or not to enable autoscaling (defaults to false)

### Autoscaling

Will scale based on Memory utilisation and CPU utilisation. Requires the metrics server addon to be installed

### Testing the chart

Run `helm test <chart name>` to test basic connectivity to wordpress and MySQL

### Stuff to improve if I come back to this chart

* Support non-local storage for the MySQL statefulSet to be useful
* Test whether the wordpress service can contact mysql
* Parameterize autoscaling metric thresholds (and many other parameters)
* Test on an actual k8s cluster with cloud-based storage (+ parameterize storage class settings)